The dark chocolate flavor is delicious and not too sweet. Keeps you full for long and gives a good protein boost. Packed with nuts and seeds, it's a perfect healthy breakfast or post-workout meal. Totally worth it! thank u amazon
The quality of these Chocolate Rolled Oats are amazing. It's filling, fresh, and tastes really good with milk. The chocolate flavor makes it enjoyable without being too sweet, and it has no added sugar which is a plus. High protein and whole grain content make it healthy. Good value for money and a great breakfast option.
The flavor is delicious dark chocolate and totally sugar free. Gives you a good protein boost and energy for a long time. It is full of healthy nuts and seeds, any one can eat it with warm milk or cold milk both. It's a perfect post-workout meal. Its contains all the beneficial nutrients totally worth it product
These oats are so yummy, I tried plain rolled oats too but wasn't satisfied with it so thought of giving it a try and I must say these oats are so delicious, with very high content of protein. It's crunchy and tasty, I soak it overnight and have it in the morning and it keeps me full for a very long time. It's better than the other oats I tried in the market. So it's so easy to make without any hassle. Highly recommended from my end.
Good fruit content amazing size one bowl is full of protein so authenticity in quality and amazing
Very worst! The expiry date written on the cover was valid but the inside was completely spoiled. My first experience of buying ALPINO high protein super Oats chocolate flavor was the absolutely worst. So, i would say don't sell damaged items to fool people.
It's a total waste of money,too much coffee flavour and it's healthy for our caffeine. Highly Recommended not for who is first time trying to eat oats.
It's good but there aren't enough nuts in the pack.
Taste was kinda bland, it would've been tasted better if it was sweeter. and nuts and seeds were little less
Its good and a light breakfast option but the taste is not the typical chocolate flavour it tastes like only cacao powder and the it does not dissolve easily in milk
